# RTana<sub>2sim</sub> Analysis of the MobSTr Requirements

This folder contains configurations and results of an analysis of the MobSTr safety requirements with the RTana<sub>2sim</sub> model checker [1]. 

* A *virtual integration test (VIT)* of the `Object Detection` component in the UML model. The VIT analysis verifies the decomposition of the `Object Detection` component into its sub-components by checking refinement of the attached contracts in the [`../../org.panorama-research.mobstr.contracts`](../../org.panorama-research.mobstr.contracts) folder. 
* *Satisfaction checks* on the sub-components of `Object Detection`. They checks whether the AMALTHEA software model in the [`../../org.panorama-research.mobstr.amalthea/mapped+safety`](../../org.panorama-research.mobstr.amalthea/mapped+safety) folder satisfies the timing contract of the component. The AMALTHEA model is a modified version of the original WATERS Challenge model that reflects the task-to-core mapping determined in [2] and some of the introduced safety mechanisms.   

For both types of analyses, the mappings between components, contracts, and AMALTHEA model elements is derived from the Capra trace links. 

The files in this folder are organized as follows:

* `*.model` files are the RTana<sub>2sim</sub> models that have been generated from the UML and AMALTHEA models and the timing contracts.
* The `*.btf` file contains a counter-example trace that shows an example trace for the model, generated by RTana<sub>2sim</sub>. It can be opened for example with [Tracecompass](https://www.eclipse.org/tracecompass/). 


#### References

[1] Jan Steffen Becker, Björn Koopmann and Ingo Stierand: "[AMALTHEA Timing Analyses with RTana2sim](https://panorama-research.org/pdf/aramis2-timing-analysis.pdf)", Presentation, 2021

[2] Lukas Krawczyk, Mahmoud Bazzal, Ram Prasath Govindarajan and Carsten Wolff, "[Model-Based Timing Analysis and Deployment Optimization for Heterogeneous Multi-core Systems using Eclipse APP4MC](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Lukas-Krawczyk/publication/336345570_Model-based_Timing_Analysis_and_Deployment_Optimization_for_Heterogeneous_Multi-Core_Systems_using_Eclipse_APP4MC/links/5e1483c14585159aa4b917cd/Model-based-Timing-Analysis-and-Deployment-Optimization-for-Heterogeneous-Multi-Core-Systems-using-Eclipse-APP4MC.pdf)," 2019 ACM/IEEE 22nd International Conference on Model Driven Engineering Languages and Systems Companion (MODELS-C), 2019, pp. 44-53, doi: 10.1109/MODELS-C.2019.00013.
